mr. cam has been working with snakes as
he was 10 years old for 53 years so
there's probably no one in the world
better equipped to show me how to deal
with these incredible creatures please
no way
this is the king cobra this size you
kind of expect it to be a Python but
it's not it is the largest venomous
snake in the world even though this is a
snake with incredible capabilities you
can see that all it really wants to do
is escape from danger its first instinct
is to flee to get away but when it
realizes that mister cam here doesn't
want to let it go it's putting on a big
display to make itself seem larger make
it seem more threatening and it is
absolutely unimaginably vast see this
snake is getting on 4 4 meters long and
as it stands up and spreads its ribs
into a hood like the molecule Cobra
before it it just looks huge his head as
the size of my hand and the fangs long
thin needles that can inject huge
amounts of venom even deep into the
muscle that's what allows it to work so
quickly and why it is so potentially
dangerous to people he really is just
figuring me out and just making sure
that I keep my distance as long as I'm
exactly where I am now I'm safe if I got
even a few inches closer you'd be able
to bite me okay what I'd really like to
do is to show you a preys eye view of a
king cobra up close
thanks Josh it's not running asleep this
big can almost stand up and look me in
the eye they can hold a third of their
body length off the ground which means
that 18 foot long snake can stand up six
feet that's as tall as me you see that
tongue flicking out tasting me on the
air he's looking a little bit of his
reflection in the camera and a little
bit of me see the intelligent to this
snake he's not looking at the camera
because that's an inanimate object he's
more focused looking down the camera
down my arm and at me because he knows
that that's the thing he might have to
bite though this is one of the most
frightening animals in the world and
nothing gives you quite the same degree
of fear and tension as a king cobra it
is also an animal that is so regal so
majestic I mean you can see why they
called it the king the king cobra the
most magnificent regal snake in the
world but it's going on my list because
it's the ultimate killer of other snakes
utterly magnificent